Pokemon Mad Dash Story

# Beginning of the story: 

Trainer: 
Ugh...Where am I? The last thing I remember is camping in the desert. 
*Looks around.* ...So why am I inside a mansion? 

Trainer:
*Gulp* Did I get kidnapped? *shudders* ...Well first I gotta get out of 
here. It's a good thing that Charmander is still with me.

First Level start: 
Trainer: Alright Charmander, let's do this!

First level end: 
Trainer: How...how long is this going to go? 

Second level start:
Trainer: There's a lot of creepy stuff around here and I'm still not
much closer to figuring out why and how I got here...

Second level end:
I think that was a pretty easy fight. It's great to have a type advantage!

Third level start:
I'm glad that I'm finally out of the mansion. It feels great to be outside again!

Third level end:
Hey charmander! Be careful not to burn the forest alright!? 

Fourth level start:
Wow...There's a lot of things to see here. Even though I'm in the middle of nowhere, it's nice to a whole bunch of pokemon here.

Fourth level end:
Well that was a tough fight. I guess type advantages aren't everything.

Fifth level start:
Man, why do I have to go to yet another creepy area?

Fifth level end:
I'm still really confused about how I got stranded in a mansion where the exit leads to a forest in the middle of nowhere.
Also, I'm not sure if I'm going crazy but it got dark pretty fast once I left the forest.

Sixth level start:
Thinking more about it, it would've been one thing if someone kidnapped me but these places haven't been making sense for a while.

Sixth level end:
If it wasn't a person who brought me here, was it some sort of pokemon? But then why?

Seventh level start:
I've got a bad feeling about this...but it also feels like I can get out of here soon.

Seventh level end:
So now I know that Deoxys was probably the pokemon who brought me here. And since there's now a convenient portal here, I can get back to where I was.
I still don't know why it brought me here though.

Ending Scene:
As I slowly woke up in the desert, I felt as though I had gone through a long dream. I don't really remember what it was about, but it felt like it might have been fun.
As I sat up, I found a note sitting on my lap: "Thanks for playing our game!"